capital = 230 #Yerevan, Armenia
add_to_russian_tags = yes
oob = "empty"

set_research_slots = 3

# Starting tech
add_1922_modern_tech = yes

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = libertarian_socialism
}

set_popularities = {
	libertarian_socialism = 65
	social_democrat = 15
	national_syndicalism = 15
	conservatism = 1
	liberalism = 1
	reactionism = 1
	despotism = 2
}

add_ideas = {
	ARM_legacy_of_genocide
	ARM_legacy_of_sardarapat
	ARM_armenian_refugee_crisis
	ARM_american_red_cross
	mixed_economy
	limited_conscription
}



recruit_character = ARM_simon_vratsian
recruit_character = ARM_mihran_svazlian
recruit_character = ARM_kamo
recruit_character = ARM_gevorg_v
recruit_character = ARM_garegin_nzhdeh
recruit_character = ARM_avetis_aharonian
recruit_character = ARM_hagop_bagratuni
recruit_character = ARM_alexander_atabekian
recruit_character = ARM_stepan_shaumian
recruit_character = ARM_andranik_ozanian
recruit_character = ARM_tovmas_nazarbekian
recruit_character = ARM_garegin_nzhdeh_army
recruit_character = ARM_dro_kanayan
recruit_character = ARM_movses_silikian
recruit_character = ARM_daniel_bek_pirumian
recruit_character = ARM_poghos_bek_pirumian
recruit_character = ARM_hamazasp_srvandztian
recruit_character = ARM_ishkhan
recruit_character = ARM_christophor_araratian
recruit_character = ARM_hovhannes_mazmanian
recruit_character = ARM_kuro_tarkhanian
recruit_character = ARM_poghos_ter_davtian
recruit_character = ARM_arsen_shahmazian
recruit_character = ARM_hovhannes_baghramian
recruit_character = ARM_hayk_bzhishkian
recruit_character = ARM_hagop_bagratuni_army
recruit_character = ARM_tevan_stepanian
recruit_character = ARM_khanasora_vardan
recruit_character = ARM_yegor_ter_avetikyan
recruit_character = ARM_yapon_paronyan
recruit_character = ARM_makhluto
recruit_character = ARM_sebouh_nersesian
recruit_character = ARM_hovhannes_isakov


