capital = 9

oob = "empty"

add_1922_modern_tech = yes
set_research_slots = 3

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = authoritarian_democrat
}
recruit_character = CZE_karel_kramar
recruit_character = CZE_ernst_storch
recruit_character = CZE_rys_rozsevac
recruit_character = CZE_jan_sramek
recruit_character = CZE_milan
recruit_character = CZE_bohumir_smeral
recruit_character = CZE_jozef_haken
recruit_character = CZE_klement_gottwald
recruit_character = CZE_antonin_svehla
recruit_character = CZE_jaroslav_krejci
recruit_character = CZE_benes
recruit_character = CZE_frantisek_krystof
recruit_character = CZE_oleg_svatek
recruit_character = CZE_frantisek_bartos
recruit_character = CZE_lev_hanak
recruit_character = CZE_gajda
recruit_character = CZE_syrovy
recruit_character = CZE_sergej
recruit_character = CZE_military_council

set_popularities = {
	authoritarian_democrat = 38
	despotism = 8
	social_democrat = 8
	national_syndicalism = 4
	conservatism = 11
	liberalism = 9
	marxism = 10
	reactionism = 9
	esotericism = 1
	bolshevism = 2
}
add_ideas = {
	CZE_unorganised_military
	CZE_promised_democracy
	CZE_unclear_identity
}
